{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Group 5 built the Facebook Visualization Tool app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Group 5 at no cost and is intended for use as is.\
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.\
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.\
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Facebook Visualization Tool unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.\
\
Information Collection and Use\
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.\
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app\
Facebook\
\
Service Providers\
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:\
To facilitate our Service;\
To provide the Service on our behalf;\
To perform Service-related services; or\
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.\
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.\
\
Changes to This Privacy Policy\
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.\
This policy is effective as of 2020-11-04\
\
Contact Us\
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at [mail].\
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator'''}