{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you \'96 you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You\'92re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You\'92re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn\'92t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Group 5.\
Group 5 is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you\'92re paying for.\
The Facebook Visualization Tool app processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It\'92s your responsibility to keep your access to the app secure.\
The app does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions.\
\
With respect to Group 5\'92s responsibility for your use of the app, when you\'92re using the app, it\'92s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Group 5 accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.\
At some point, we may wish to update the app.We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.\
Changes to This Terms and Conditions\
I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.\
These terms and conditions are effective as of 2020-11-04\
\
Contact Us\
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at [mail].\
This Terms and Conditions page was generated by App Privacy Policy Generator}